Rosby pirates a lot of people are
interested what you can do with a small
linux computer I've seen all sorts of
applications from being used as mobile
phone to controlling thermostat house to
a robotics and even meshing together to
form a larger powered computer well it
seems there's a variety of applications
what we can do with a pie if ever there
was anything limiting with the old one
it was only a 700 megahertz a single
core processor now there's a rose be pi
b model to that is significantly
operated which is a quad-core 900
megahertz with one gigabyte of ram i
bought this one from the play heart 432
pounds i also bought a case from ebay
it's just a generic plastic case which
are paid seven pounds for let's take a
look at which is quite remarkable when
you consider you're getting what they
say is it six times improvement on the
speed and yet you pay the same price and
it's about the same power usage don't
think many Intel computers could boast
the same improvement on the specs for a
generation change
alright so here it is in exactly the
same size as it was before so let's take
a look what you have on here so I've got
four USB ports for usb2 ports 10 100
mega fernet shame it's not geek bit
would have liked to have seen that gpio
bus is significantly larger than it was
before here's an old model beep I
first-generation pi see the size
difference just a little bit and there
is a I think it's a touch screen output
underneath microSD port for the
operating system on the side there got
the power hdmi camera port headphone
output nothing else underneath so that
is it I have read about people being
able to copy the old SD card from their
old pie but notes on my Christie running
a new pie it seems to be able to work
not guaranteed to work every time but
should do linux doesn't need a reinstall
of drivers if the drivers in the kernel
and then it work as for the case that
I've got here is what seven pounds of
plastic gets you what was even got a
pile o go on it in the box and it's got
a pile o go cut out the case as well Oh
shiny and glossy Wow fenton underneath
on the side is the access of different
ports got four USB ports and that just
flips open so when how that goes in ever
you're puzzled about what the inputs and
outputs were and she says in this case
I'll have a play with little later I'm
not really sure what I'm doing with it
yet might become a torrent er again
running Linux torrents mold one has
wasted a hell of a lot of bandwidth I'll
try out what Cody let's see what Cody
looks like that'd be quite interesting
to see might be interesting to see what
retro pyar does as well with the old
gaming emulator but now thanks for
watching I'll see you all later